# Meetings
this is a living document containing the notes of all the meetings for the OOP Project

## Meeting 1 (By `Jochem Pouwels`)
### Agenda OOPP Group 48 Meeting 21/02

per the agenda template presented in OOPP materials

- Location: Drebbelweg IZ1
- Date: Feb 21st 2023
- Time: 13:45-14:30
- Attendees:
	- RareÈ™ Toader (Scrum Master)
	- Vlad Graure
	- Olaf Herman (Chair ðŸª‘)
	- Jesse Klijnsma
	- Lovro MlikotiÄ‡
	- Andrei Petre
	- Jochem Pouwels (Notetaker)

#### Talking points

- [13:45] Opening by Chair.
- [13:45-13:50] Approval of agenda: Does anyone have any last-minute additions?
- [13:50-14:00] Kickstarting the Code of Conduct-creation process.
	- Where? (Google Docs, Dropbox, etc.)
	- Who? (Communal or drafted up by one person based on discussed team mindset)
	- Views on what our Code of Conduct should look like as a team?
- [14:00-14:05] Clarifying team mindset on tech stack self-study: do we want to be familiar with our tech stack before we start coding? When do we want to be sure we're ready as a team?
- [14:05-14:25] Start drafting up project Backlog.
- [14:25-14:30] Passing the Chair and Notetaking for next meeting.
- [14:30] Closure by Chair.

### Code of Conduct
- made in Google drive
- One person makes a draft

- Share google drives emails

#### Core values
- Respect
- Honesty
#### Assignment description
- needs to be in the 
#### Goal
- we strife for a 9
#### What should we deliver
- Code and intermediate assignments in gitlab, and COC in Google Drive.
#### Standards
- meet the assignments
- quality over quantity

#### Things to do
- check up on each other to see wether they are done
- checkups two days before the check-up
#### How do we treat each other
- respectfully
#### Disagreements
- we should all be alive at the end
- talk out, even after meeting untill we are done.
- perhaps a coin flip, when in a deadlock
- we can ask TA for tie-breaker (should ask cute)

#### What to do when someone is late
- text when you are late
- start meeting, no recap

### Team familiarity with tech-stack
- everyone should familiarize themselves with each part of our tech-stack (JFX, springboot, git, e.t.c.)
- make discord server
	- list everything we need to do
	- send links on minimun needed knowledge for each part of the code.
	- Jochem sets up discord

### Backlog
- make a backlog with project-requirements (deadline friday)
- we get official backlog, for when we missed something on our own one.
- backlog should consist mostly of user stories.

### Chair and Notetaker for next meeting
#### Week 3
`chair`: `Andrei Petre`
`note taker`: `Jesse Klijnsma`
#### Week 4
`chair`: `Vlad Graure`
`notetaker`: `Lovro MlikotiÄ‡`
#### Week 6
`chair`: `Lovro MlikotiÄ‡`

### TA Announcements
- we get the repo ASAP
- in the repo we should post all deliverables (agenda, notes, e.t.c)

### Closing Time
- some people to stay to discuss over `COC`



## Meeting 2 (By `Jesse Klijsma`)
### Agenda OOPP Group 48 Meeting 28/02
*per the agenda template presented in OOPP materials*

* Location: DW PC1 cubicle 11
* Date: Tu 28th 2023
* Time: 13:45-14:30
* Attendees:
  * RareÈ™ Toader (Scrum Master)
  * Vlad Graure
  * Olaf Herman
  * Jesse Klijnsma (Notetaker)
  * Lovro MlikotiÄ‡
  * Andrei Petre (Chair ðŸª‘)
  * Jochem Pouwels 

#### Talking points
- [13:45] Opening by Chair.
- [13:45-13:50] Approval of agenda: Does anyone have any last-minute additions?
- [13:50-14:00] Reviewing and approving the final backlog submission.
- [14:00-14:05] Making sure that everybodyâ€™s git is working as intended.
- [14:05-14:30] Discussing the assignment of tasks to each member of the team.
- [14:30] Closure by Chair

### Additions to the agenda
- Fixing the Code of Conduct

### Backlog
- Changes made during the meeting
  - Added more administrative functions
  - Added password to advanced 

### Git
- **Everyone has a fully working git setup**

### Changes to Code of Conduct
- Added 5th evaluation criterium
  - Added quality of feedback
- Change commitment
  - Quality of work
    - Done in time
    - By the norm of evaluation criteria
  - Quality of notes
    - Readable and easy to understand
    - Explains all points

### Task Assignments

| Task | Who is responsible | Deadline |
|------|--------------------|----------|
| Add Mockups | Lovro | 03-03-2023 |
| Refactor Epics | Everyone | 28-02-2023 |
| Create EER Diagram | Everyone | 28-02-2023 |
| Finish Backlog | Everyone | 28-02-2023 |

### Closing Time
- Everyone decided to stay over to finish some of the tasks